Open Ended Questions
Please answer the 2 questions from each of these 3 sections (and complete the 3 practical
exercises below):

Section 1 - Design & Development
Q1
Could you outline what you would consider to be the important considerations If you were asked to 
develop a web application that could potentially be used by thousands of users?

Answer 1:
The most important considerations to develop a web application would be performance, security, speed, 
caching, and no errors if possible.

The web app should be quick to load. Any additional calls or backend processes
should be delayed or loaded in the background.  Caching and memory is critical.  
Static content like images and static text can be cached, compressed, minified or utilize CDNs. 
The application should be throughly tested by QA and by devs before it goes live to production.  
The application should be also be load tested to see how well the application holds up with large number of users and requests.
The web application must be secured. It must protect the customer as well as the provider from common
 cross attacks or disruptions.

Q2
What techniques do you employ to keep up-to-date with the rapid pace of progress in the field frontend development?  

Answer 2:
I subscribe to web courses and tutorials like Frontend Masters. They are on the cutting edge of new technologies from 
top developers from major software companies.  I read blogs and articles from css-tricks and a list apart, watch you-tube conferences, and 
and search Github projects.
Also talking to my peers and co-workers is another valuable resource. We share and learn from each other.

How do you choose which technologies are worth taking the time to learn more about?

I try to also go to conferences to see what direction the front end development community is heading towards.
Job postings also are good indicators on what technologies and tech stacks are popular.

Section 2 - & Deployment 

Q1
Describe the approach you take in testing your applications. 

Answer 1:
I like to write small lines of code and test the code immediately in my application. 
It can be simple command like functions or a simple html prototype.  
Having a framework with a built-in test runner and testing framework speeds up the process for automated tests.
I try to make it work first and then write unit tests later. Having feedback and code reviews on my code and unit
test makes the process easier and improves the quality of the code.  
Also pairing with a QA dev engineer also helps the process.


Q2
What do you value in a code base? 
I value a good code base that is well-thought out, well-supported, documented, and fits the need of the project or business.
It should be easy to understand for entry level developers to advanced professionals.  
It should be constantly evolving and questioned as new requirements or issues arise.

Section 3 - General
Q1
What do you find most exciting or interesting about working in the software development field?
I try to find technologies that I'm passionate about, especially when it comes to UI or web development.
I want to create well-designed applications that are empathetic and accessible to all users.

Q2
In your career to date, what are you most proud of and why?
I'm very proud of my tenure at SAS. We were able to create and innovate a large component UI framework that the entire company can use 
it the products. We were able to get the framework in production and use within the first year. The library was accessible, re-usable, and was challenging. No two products were alike and each project created new challenges
and questions on how to maintain a large framework. I learned how to be better developer from working closely with designers, engineers, developers, QA and project teams of all levels.
The most important thing I learned was empathy, patience, and to listen to the needs of my co-workers and consumers.